speaking of corn as you may know not
only am I one of America's 75 most
beloved talk-show hosts I am also a well
respected TV judge and from time to time
along with my trusty bailiff Guillermo
we hear real cases from small claims
court with real litigants who've decided
to put their legal faints into the soft
and capable hands of Judge James this is
the plaintiff Michele Jewett she claims
a former boyfriend landlord owes her
money and the return of their dog Shasta
she's suing for 2315 dollars and the
possession of her puppy this is the
defendant Craig powers he maintains that
he adopted Shasta and he's not about to
roll over it's the case of all dogs go
to arbitration raise your right hand
what you are about to witness is real
participants are not actors they're
actually litigants with a case pending
in civil court all parties have agreed
to drop their claims to have their case
decided here by Judge James that are
being straighten your honor
they've been sworn in my honor yes sir
that's nice oh you can sit down home
Thank You Josh Thank You bailiff
Michelle Jewett you are suing Craig
powers for 2315 dollars you claim mr.
powers owes you money for your rental
deposit the utility bill labor and
materials used to repair damaged
property prescription sunglasses nine
pair of lularoe leggings in a mesh bag
and Shasta the dog and all chasis
expenses all right mr. powers you claim
you don't know any of this money is that
correct yes that is correct
miss you and let's start with you tell
us what's going on here so in March of
2016 I decided I wanted to get a dog he
drove me to get her I paid for her we
were dating we ended up starting dating
after I moved in to you
then and then you started dating yes
whose house was it it was my house your
house he was the landlord how much did
you pay for I paid $300 for her to whom
I found her on Craigslist so it was just
through a private breeder his dog had
puppies just correct yeah that's my list
by the way that's what I'm Craig oh all
right I see you were attracted to his
sense of humor so you paid $300
yes fast forward a little bit we broke
up things got bad it actually got
physical between one of me and the other
girls that were there really in a sexual
way actually she was gay but now who
broke up with who I broke up with her
yeah so I moved out sooner than the
30-day notice that he gave me and I made
an agreement with him to where he would
watch Shasta for me until I was able to
figure something out and that I would be
able to visit her whenever his
disagreement in writing no it was not it
was verbal what was the agreement as you
understood it the agreement was that
Shasta would be placed in my care and my
care only oh no no we were there no tell
me about these leggings they were just
some leggings I had bought in on wine in
regards to the leggings and various
other claims of hers I have facebook
messages between her and him where she
states that she believed that the other
roommates stole her leggings but he's
still the landlord and you really
shouldn't have to talk about this you're
not involved if you actually refer to
California tenant landlord law please
don't lecture me on the law no one knows
more about the law than I do
[Music]
you have nothing to do with this so what
is your relationship to the defendant
that's my boyfriend boyfriend how long
have you been dating about seven months
anything about you don't actually like
the plaintiff and defendant to reenact
this exchange and now judge jeans
presents courtroom theatrics okay go
ahead and action no she is not our dog
she is my dog you've said it yourself
many times even in this conversation
we got her together I've raised her oh
well I paid for her I paid for
everything she is mine more passionate
more passion personal care I took care
of everything she's ours I don't know
why you got to be like this I'm taking
her back end of story you said I can get
her whenever and now you're trying to
hold her hostage what kind of is that
[Music]
[Applause]
okay do you live in a place that allows
dogs no I do not right now so you're
just asking for money not the dog we've
asked for Bev asked for both I've tried
everything I could to get her back
everyone that I've talked to you pretty
law he told me that I would not see her
that it was up to him but I don't know
who these law people are but there's
only one law person in this courtroom
that's right Josh James I'll be back
with my verdict will Judge James rule in
favor of a defendant or the plaintiff or
are they both barking up the wrong tree
Judge James verdict when we return
attention dogs have you been denied
treats toys walks couch access and belly
rubs you may be entitled to a large cash
settlement
put down that bone and pick up the phone
call the law this is a Weinstein and
O'Brien State we're very good boys with
over two hundred and twenty four dog
years experience of suing owners stop
dragging your rear end
and over Weinstein we play rough this
the press plaintiff claims the defendant
is a dirty dog this defendant calls it a
bogus suit and this dog just wants a
rough over its head Judge James is about
to rule let's listen this is a
complicated case I know and emotions I'm
sure are going to run high bottom line
is this HL you aren't even allowed to
have a dog where you live I know
yeah and you've lived in a couple
different places where you weren't
allowed to have a dog yes yes yes so how
much of the twenty three hundred fifteen
dollars was related to Shasta almost all
of it do you have the sunglasses I
returned the sunglasses back to her at
the court mediation he did he did well
three hundred dollars of it was for
sunglasses you got back sixteen dollars
for leggings which Craig is not
responsible for I'm going to award the
cost of Shasta the dog plus $200 for
Shasta's expenses and $325 for the
rental deposit to the plaintiff and the
defendant you get to keep Shasta but
that's not fair because he's been such a
thief I have made my ruling and it will
not be challenged further
on the next judge James
no what's wrong here it's trimmed to
love making good has a little bit more
hair in the back I explained to her in
the beginning there was no way she could
look like Megan there's no way that you
so you just wanted to look like Megan
good and you feel like it came out Megan
bad that's the point you don't know how
to do the exact straight up I like it
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings